start: Start
carpark: Parking
visit: In prison / Visiting
prison: Go directly to jail
chance01: Try your luck
chance02: Try your luck
chance03: Try your luck
chance04: Try your luck
chance05: Try your luck
chance06: Try your luck
tax01: Income tax
tax02: Exceptional state tax
brew01: Tuborg Squash
brew02: Coca Cola
ferry01: Helsingør - Helsingborg
ferry02: Mols Line
ferry03: Goats - Rostock
ferry04: Rødby - Puttgarden
field01: Rødovrevej
field02: Hvidovrevej
field03: Roskildevej
field04: Valby Langgade
field05: Allégade
field06: Frederiksberg Alle
field07: Bülowsvej
field08: Gl. King's Road
field09: Bernstorffsvej
field10: Hellerupvej
field11: beach road
field12: triangle
field13: Østerbrogade
field14: Grønningen
field15: broad Street
field16: Kgs. Nytorv
field17: East Street
field18: Amagertorv
field19: Vimmelskaftet
field20: Nygade
field21: Frederiksberggade
field22: Town square
 






































