start:Start
carpark:parkering
visit:I fängelse / besök
prison:Gå direkt till fängelse
chance01:<center> <h1>?
chance02:<center> <h1>?
chance03:<center> <h1>?
chance04:<center> <h1>?
chance05:<center> <h1>?
chance06:<center> <h1>?
tax01:inkomstskatt
tax02:Exceptionell statsskatt
brew01:dåligt öl
brew02:bra bågar
ferry01:Helsingør - Helsingborg
ferry02:Mols linjen
ferry03:Getter - Rostock
ferry04:Röd stad Puttgarden
field01:Röd övre väg
field02:Vit övre väg
field03:Beröm vägen
field04:Valby Lang street
field05:Alé street
field06:Frederiks berg Allé
field07:Bülows väg
field08:Gamla Kongevej
field09:Bernstorffs väg
field10:Hellerup väg
field11:Strandväg
field12:triangel
field13:East Bridge Street
field14:Grön ingen
field15:Bred gata
field16:Kungens nya torg
field17:East Street
field18:Amager torv
field19:Vim mjölaxel
field20:Ny gata
field21:Frederiks bergsgata
field22:Råd huset torg
